README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Fer 🧑🏻‍💻

I'm Fer Merida, a Freelance Developer with 3 years of experience building web, mobile, and desktop applications. I specialize in creating efficient, scalable, and user-friendly solutions that meet client needs. Check out my [website](https://magni.dev "Magni Development") to learn about my work and services.

## 💻 Recent Projects

- 🚀 [Orbit It](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/orbit-it) • A comprehensive open-source toolkit for managing and interacting with Git and GitHub, including version control, issue tracking, and repository management.

- 🛠️ [Circuit Simulator](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/circuit-simulator) • A web-based application for simulating electronic circuits, allowing users to design, test, and visualize circuit behavior in real-time.

## 📦 ToolBox

Development: `Javascript` `Typescript` `Python` `C` `C++` `SQL`

Frontend: `React.js` `Next.js` `Astro.js` `Tailwind CSS`

Backend: `Node.js` `Express.js` `Deno` `FastAPI`

Database: `MongoDB` `PostgreSQL` `MySQL` `SQLite` `Redis`

Version Control: `Git` `GitHub`

Testing: `Vitest` `Postman`

Deploy: `Vercel` `Netlify` `Railway` `Cloudflare` `Google Cloud` `AWS Cloud` `Microsoft Azure`

## 📞 Contact

For a quick response, DM me on [Instagram](https://instagram.com/fermeridamagni "@fermeridamagni") or message me at [hello@magni.dev](mailto:hello@magni.dev).

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="Snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

Commit message:

feat: add educational projects to Recent Projects section in README

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Fer 🧑🏻‍💻

I'm Fer Merida, a Freelance Developer with 3 years of experience building web, mobile, and desktop applications. I specialize in creating efficient, scalable, and user-friendly solutions that meet client needs. Check out my [website](https://magni.dev "Magni Development") to learn about my work and services.

## 💻 Recent Projects

- 🚀 [Orbit It](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/orbit-it) • A comprehensive open-source toolkit for managing and interacting with Git and GitHub, including version control, issue tracking, and repository management.

- 🏫 [School](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/school) • A collection of educational materials and resources for various subjects and courses related to all my school work.

- ⚙️ [Arduino Minimal Ultrasonic](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/arduino-minimal-ultrasonic) • A minimalistic Arduino library for ultrasonic distance measurement, providing an easy-to-use interface for beginners and advanced users alike.

- 🛠️ [Circuit Simulator](https://github.com/fermeridamagni/circuit-simulator) • A web-based application for simulating electronic circuits, allowing users to design, test, and visualize circuit behavior in real-time.

## 📦 ToolBox

Development: `Javascript` `Typescript` `Python` `C` `C++` `SQL`

Frontend: `React.js` `Next.js` `Astro.js` `Tailwind CSS`

Backend: `Node.js` `Express.js` `Deno` `FastAPI`

Database: `MongoDB` `PostgreSQL` `MySQL` `SQLite` `Redis`

Version Control: `Git` `GitHub`

Testing: `Vitest` `Postman`

Deploy: `Vercel` `Netlify` `Railway` `Cloudflare` `Google Cloud` `AWS Cloud` `Microsoft Azure`

## 📞 Contact

For a quick response, DM me on [Instagram](https://instagram.com/fermeridamagni "@fermeridamagni") or message me at [hello@magni.dev](mailto:hello@magni.dev).

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="Snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fermeridamagni/fermeridamagni/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>
